docs(queues): added JOB_REF provider (#1607)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/queues.md

);
```

> #### Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Request-scoped job processors
```

> #### Request-scoped job processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Request-scoped consumers
```

> Whether the processor needs to depend on a request scoped provider or be explicitly registered as a scoped processor, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a consumer is flagged as request-scoped (learn more about the injection scopes [here](/fundamentals/injection-scopes#provider-scope)), a new instance of the class will be created exclusively for each job. The instance will be garbage-collected after the job has completed.
```

```typescript
@Processor({
  name: 'audio',
  scope: Scope.REQUEST,
})
```

> then you can inject the `JOB_REF` via the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since request-scoped consumer classes are instantiated dynamically and scoped to a single job, you can inject a `JOB_REF` through the constructor using a standard approach.
```

```typescript

> constructor(@Inject(JOB_REF) jobRef: Job) {
>    console.log(jobRef);
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constructor(@Inject(JOB_REF) jobRef: Job) {
  console.log(jobRef);
}
```

```

> > info **Hint** to import JOB_REF: ``` import { JOB_REF } from '@nestjs/bull' ```

Reviewer 2: This is possible, but you'll need to escape the `{` and `}`. It may be cleaner and easier to do

```suggestion
> info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` is imported from `@nestjs/bull`
```

Otherwise, to escape the brackets you need to do `{{ '{' }}` and `{{ '}' }}`

> > info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` is imported from `@nestjs/bull`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` token is imported from the `@nestjs/bull` package.
```

> #### Consumers

Reviewer: This section should be added after "Consumers" and before "Event listeners" headings.

Author: Done 👍

async transcode(job: Job<unknown>) { ... }
```

#### Request-scoped consumers

When a consumer is flagged as request-scoped (learn more about the injection scopes [here](/fundamentals/injection-scopes#provider-scope)), a new instance of the class will be created exclusively for each job. The instance will be garbage-collected after the job has completed.

```typescript
@Processor({
  name: 'audio',
  scope: Scope.REQUEST,
})
```

Since request-scoped consumer classes are instantiated dynamically and scoped to a single job, you can inject a `JOB_REF` through the constructor using a standard approach.

```typescript
constructor(@Inject(JOB_REF) jobRef: Job) {
  console.log(jobRef);
}
```

> > info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` token is imported from the `@nestjs/bull` package.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` token is imported from the `@nestjs/bull` package.

```

> 
> > info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` token is imported from the `@nestjs/bull` package.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> info **Hint** The `JOB_REF` token is imported from the `@nestjs/bull` package.

```
